# Meetup Code of Conduct

All organizers, attendees, speakers, sponsors and volunteers at Kamloops R
Meetup events are required to agree to uphold the following code of conduct.
Kamloops R Meetup event organizers and/or Kamloops Innovation staff will enforce
this code throughout the event. We are expecting cooperation from all
participants to help ensure a safe environment.

## The Quick Version

Kamloops R Meetup is dedicated to providing a harassment-free event experience
for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual
orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity,
religion (or lack thereof), or technology choices. We do not tolerate harassment
of event participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not
appropriate for any event venue, including talks, workshops, parties, Twitter
and other online media. Event participants violating these rules may be
sanctioned or expelled from the event at the discretion of the event organizers
or Kamloops Innovation employees.

## The Less Quick Version

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, gender identity
and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body
size, race, ethnicity, religion, technology choices, sexual images in public
spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or
recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical
contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply
immediately.

Sponsors are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular, sponsors
should not use sexualized images, activities, or other material. Sponsor staff
(including volunteers) should not use sexualised clothing/uniforms/costumes, or
otherwise create a sexualized environment.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the event organizers or Kamloops
Innovation staff may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning
the offender or expulsion from the event with no refund.

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have
any other concerns, please contact a member of the organizing team immediately.
If you have concerns about a member of the organizing team, please email
beth@kamloopsinnovation.ca.

Event staff will be happy to help participants contact venue security or local
law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing
harassment to feel safe for the duration of the event. We value your attendance.
We expect participants to follow these rules at all Kamloops R Meetup related
event venues.
